armand sarfati boutron will be account
in the calvados
goals we it's a visit a day
winter of this property and we have
been with my family completely conquered
and the story started
let's say the adventure begins the bulk of the
work the bulk of reconstruction has
was made when I met sir
amicably and with him is a small
team we rebuilt really
around 1994 the start of the reconquest
doubling if we can call it because in
this specific case of movement there was
actually an osmosis between the
garden and shock if we have a very beautiful
set garden gardens plus building and
it's sure that
garden more buildings are are
intimately related that we could not
differentiates the garden of origin has
probably been put in place to put
in value of the castle since the garden
revolves around this castle is getting organized
around the castle
we know that the time it was created
since it was created in 1920 by
Mr. and Mrs. noise they were
Parisian hatters so are they
who really create this park in
the spirit of French gardens
it's not that we put back or gardens to the
French are again hand-7
this opportunity to that of the oak would have
drawn a litter of 1000 young people the
primary
it's typically gilles duceppe of two
sèvres in the middle of a very whole
structured very drawn very controlled
there are still some parts of
this time the pond in study so I
still working on these bases since
the organization the distribution of
years date from that time even on
technical basis since drainages
the water supply dates from this time
and still works
there is everything there is everything
I signed can dream here
to know that we have equipment
same old ones who are very very
performant certainly he serves an orangery
there is also the whole
all capital that exist know capital
are trees without being d
essence very very complicated very
sophisticated are trees that are
soon centenary so who who releases
some obvious charm that often
do not exist in other properties
so we had to build rebuild
harmony around this set of
stone with its four towers and its
twelve turfed and the garden that was to
to harmonize around we have been
a lot by that by sir georges
ayats is a landscape without which
lay not much that traces CDU
the plans and we execute after
discussion 3 3 3 people in for
to make simple that takes care of this garden
so there is the gentleman his fatigue
owner whoever a smart ideas
of the landscape architect who is there
to carry out the most successful projects
bigger the more accomplished and to us
the gardeners who are here to put
in place
then obviously it was a bit far
to arrive at the result we know
today
I like the beautiful garden gardens
classic damn very attached to the
classicism and gardens and I try to
give back to this garden a little shape
little organized with normal axes and
players towards classicism and
especially in the classicism to
the italian it was my desire
I do not know if I succeeded but I
tried to do it pretty good it's a
dream and that's who realized I 80
years now we come to the end of the
dream I do not know what's finished